[TERM ENTRY]  Java Calendar CompareTo Fixes #2969 (#3042)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/compareTo/compareTo.md

>     ---
>     Title: '.compareTo()'
>     Description: 'Compares an Object of Calendar passed as parameter with this Calendar Object'
>     Subjects:
>     - 'Code Foundations'
>     - 'Computer Science'
>     Tags:
>     - 'Calendar'
>     - 'Date'
>     - 'Methods'
>     CatalogContent:
>     - 'learn-java'
>     - 'paths/computer-science'
>     ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.compareTo()'
Description: 'Compares a passed Calendar object with an existing Calendar object.'
Subjects:
- 'Code Foundations'
- 'Computer Science'
Tags:
- 'Calendar'
- 'Date'
- 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
- 'learn-java'
- 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> The **`.compareTo()`** method of the `Calendar` class is used to compare the time values or the millisecond offsets of a Calendar object with the passed Calendar object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.compareTo()`** method of the `Calendar` class is used to compare the time values or the millisecond offsets of two `Calendar` objects.
```

>     The **`.compareTo()`** method of the `Calendar` class is used to compare the time values or the millisecond offsets of this Calendar object with the passed Calendar object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.compareTo()`** method of the `Calendar` class is used to compare the time values or the millisecond offsets of a Calendar object with the passed Calendar object.
```

>     ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

>     ```pseudo
>     result = myCalendar.compareTo()
>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```pseudo
result = myCalendar.compareTo()
```
````

>     The method returns an `Integer` value and can return any one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method returns an `Integer` value and can return any one of the following:
```

>     The method returns `0` if the passed argument is equal to this `Calendar` object.
>     The method returns `1` if the time of this Calendar object is more than the passed object.
>     The method returns `-1` if the time of this Calendar object is less than the passed object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The method returns `0` if the `otherCalendar` is equal to the `myCalendar` object.
- The method returns `1` if the time of the `myCalendar` object is more than the `otherCalendar` object.
- The method returns `-1` if the time of the `myCalendar` object is less than the `otherCalendar` object.
```

## Example

This example illustrates the working of `compareTo()` Method of Calendar class:

```java

> import java.util.*;

Author: done ! please check it now

>     ## Example
> 
>     This example illustrate the working of `compareTo()` Method of Calendar class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

This example illustrate the working of `compareTo()` Method of Calendar class.
```

>     ```java
>     import java.util.*;
>     
>     public class CalendarClassDemo {
>         public static void main(String args[])
>         {
>             // Creating a calendar object
>             Calendar calndr1
>                 = Calendar.getInstance();
>     
>             // Creating another calendar object
>             Calendar calndr2
>                 = new GregorianCalendar(2018, 12, 2);
>     
>             // Comparing the time
>             int val = calndr1.compareTo(calndr2);
>     
>             // Displaying the result of comparison
>             System.out.println("First" + " comparison result is: " + val);
>     
>             // Comparing the time
>             val = calndr2.compareTo(calndr1);
>     
>             // Displaying the result of comparison
>             System.out.println("Second"+ " comparison result is: "+ val);
>         }
>     }
>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```java
import java.util.*;
    
public class CalendarClassDemo {
    public static void main(String args[])
    {
        // Creating a calendar object
        Calendar calndr1
            = Calendar.getInstance();

        // Creating another calendar object
        Calendar calndr2
            = new GregorianCalendar(2018, 12, 2);

        // Comparing the time
        int val = calndr1.compareTo(calndr2);

        // Displaying the result of comparison
        System.out.println("First" + " comparison result is: " + val);

        // Comparing the time
        val = calndr2.compareTo(calndr1);

        // Displaying the result of comparison
        System.out.println("Second"+ " comparison result is: "+ val);
    }
}
```
````

>     Output for the above code will be:
> 
>     ```shell
>     First comparison result is: 1
>     Second comparison result is: -1
>     ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Output for the above code will be:

```shell
First comparison result is: 1
Second comparison result is: -1
```
````
